docs: Keyboard Shortcuts (#422)
frappe/erpnext_com: erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/using-erpnext/articles/keyboard-shortcuts.md

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
#Keyboard Shortcuts

> ERPNext Version 12 is almost fully accessible using keyboard shortcuts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ERPNext Version 12 is almost fully accessible using keyboard shortcuts. The shortcuts are different for macOS, Windows, and Linux. The key combination will depend on the OS you are using.
```
verify if correct

Author: I don't think this needs to be mentioned since the only difference is the command key and ctrl key and that is specified on the dialog.

Reviewer 2: @prasadarr It's not necessary to mention this. Ctrl key works the same on Windows and Linux, and the MacOS command key is the meta key, is understood by all Mac users.

Reviewer: @scmmishra I got it the first time when @prssanna mentioned it. Thanks for explaining it anyway. If you have a lot of free time try leaving some productive review comments.

> ####Keyboard Shortcuts Dialog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##Keyboard Shortcuts Dialog
```

> The keyboard shortcuts for any page can be viewed by opening the keyboard shortcuts dialog from the Help dropdown on the navbar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The keyboard shortcuts for any page can be viewed by opening the keyboard shortcuts dialog from the Help dropdown on the navigation bar.
```

> <img alt="Keyboard Shortcuts link" class="screenshot" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/articles/keyboard-shortcuts-link.png">

Reviewer: add a red rectangle(default color) to highlight 'keyboard shortcuts'
crop this screenshot width wise, only a little padding on either side, view images in selling/buying pages for reference

> The dialog shows you a list of global shortcuts which can be used over the entire app as well as a list of shortcuts that are specific to the current page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dialog displays a list of global shortcuts which can be used over the entire app. It also shows a list of shortcuts that are specific to the current page.
```

<img alt="Keyboard Shortcuts Dialog"  class="screenshot" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/articles/keyboard-shortcuts-dialog.png">

> #### Using ALT for Shortcuts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using Alt for Shortcuts
```

> Similar to the pattern used by Windows, ALT is an important key for keyboard shortcuts on ERPNext. Pressing ALT on any page underlines a single character on the Page Menu buttons as well as the buttons on the sidebar. Pressing the underlined character while keeping Alt pressed triggers the button click.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to the pattern used by Windows, Alt is an important key for keyboard shortcuts on ERPNext. Pressing Alt on any page underlines a single character on the Page Menu buttons as well as the buttons on the sidebar. Pressing the underlined character while keeping Alt pressed triggers the button click.
```

Here, N on the New button is underlined, so pressing ALT + N opens the New Customer dialog:
<img alt="Alt shortcut" class="screenshot" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/articles/keyboard-shortcuts-alt.gif">

> For the Menu dropdown, a single character on each dropdown item is also underlined so the item can be clicked by pressing the underlined character while keeping Alt pressed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the Menu dropdown, a single character on each dropdown item is underlined. So, when the Menu is open, the items in the Menu can be clicked by pressing the underlined character while keeping Alt pressed:
```

<img alt="Alt shortcut for dropdown" class="screenshot" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/articles/keyboard-shortcuts-alt-dropdown.gif">

> ####List View

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##List View
```

> As specified in the Keyboard Shortcuts Dialog, List View is navigable using the UP and DOWN arrow keys. ENTER opens the list item and SPACE selectes the list item. SHIFT + DOWN, SHIFT + UP can be used to select multiple list items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As specified in the Keyboard Shortcuts Dialog, List View is navigable using the *Up* and *Down* arrow keys. *Enter* opens the list item and *Space* selects the list item. *Shift* + *Down* or *Shift* + *Up* can be used to select multiple list items.
```

Here, N on the New button is underlined, so pressing Alt + N opens the New Customer dialog:
<img alt="Alt shortcut" class="screenshot" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/collaboration-tools/keyboard-shortcuts-alt.gif">

For the Menu dropdown, a single character on each dropdown item is underlined. So when the Menu is open, the items in the Menu can be clicked by pressing the underlined character while keeping Alt pressed:
<img alt="Alt shortcut for dropdown" class="screenshot" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/collaboration-tools/keyboard-shortcuts-alt-dropdown.gif">

##List View

As specified in the Keyboard Shortcuts Dialog, List View is navigable using the *Up* and *Down* arrow keys. *Enter* opens the list item and *Space* selects the list item. *Shift* + *Down* or *Shift* + *Up* can be used to select multiple list items.

<img alt="List shortcuts"  class="screenshot" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/collaboration-tools/keyboard-shortcuts-dialog-list.png">

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is how the Shift and Up/Down keyboard selection works:

```

> <img alt="List keyboard navigation"  class="screenshot" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/collaboration-tools/keyboard-shortcuts-list-view.gif">

Reviewer: the top part is cut off in this GIF!

ERPNext Version 12 is almost fully accessible using keyboard shortcuts.

##Keyboard Shortcuts Dialog

The keyboard shortcuts for any page can be viewed by opening the keyboard shortcuts dialog from the Help dropdown on the navigation bar.

> <img alt="Keyboard Shortcuts link" class="screenshot" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/collaboration-tools/keyboard-shortcuts-link.png">

Reviewer: small detail but, the red box should border the gray area edge to edge, don't leave space when highlighting
